You are not a kitten
Not a puppy either
You are my family.
You are my one and only family
It was and always will be.
You are my one and only friend.
Lan Lan
Are you hungry?
I'll cook noodles for you to eat
Your favorite food is my sister's noodles
Eat it while it's hot
girl
How dare you throw my precious spice in there?
Give me a good reflection
Wait for me.
You're hungry! Eat!
Let you eat
Don't eat, I'll beat you up
How was it?
Brother, the noodles you cooked are the best noodles I have ever eaten
Then of course it's not difficult for you
And I did it the first time.
If you want to eat it in the future, tell me and I will make it for you.
Why don't you eat it?
Liu Jingchi, I don't like noodles anymore